Added a warning admonition to the list of dependencies in the installation guide (#4706)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: docs/source/user_guide/installation/index.rst

------------
.. _install.required_dependencies:

.. warning::

>     The list of dependencies below might be outdated. Please refer to the pyproject.toml file to find all dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The list of dependencies below might be outdated. Please refer to the ``pyproject.toml`` file to find all dependencies.
```

Author: I have updated it
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/669334e3-246e-4e73-a481-a0639524b2dd)

>     The list of dependencies below might be outdated. Please refer to the ``pyproject.toml`` file to find all dependencies.

Reviewer 2: This assumes that users know what `pyproject.toml` (without a link) 😢 

```suggestion
    The list of dependencies below might be outdated. Please use tools like [``pipdeptree``](https://github.com/tox-dev/pipdeptree) to find the latest dependencies of ``pybamm``.
```

@RohitP2005 can you fix this in a new PR if @agriyakhetarpal agrees?

Reviewer: Yes, I thought about leaving a permalink to the file, but dropped the idea considering that most users wouldn't require to see it and it might get outdated as well. On second thought, please feel free to add a link to it from the `main` branch, because it's unlikely that the file's location will change, and if it does, it will be noticed caught by improvements like #4686 anyway.

Also, `pipdeptree` does not yet display optional dependencies properly (and neither does `uv pip tree`), so I wouldn't recommend adding it.

Author: yeah, i agree with @agriyakhetarpal

Reviewer 2: Nice! @RohitP2005 could you open a PR adding the link?

Author: @Saransh-cpp Sorry for the confusion earlier as I was misguided by this comment https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/4706#discussion_r1895008082 . I have added link to the ```pyproject.toml```  file as u requested

>     The list of dependencies below may be outdated. Please refer to the official repository or package manager for the most up-to-date versions.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The list of dependencies below might be outdated. Please refer to the pyproject.toml file to find all dependencies.

```

Reviewer 3: This should be more accurate.

Author: I have corrected it in the latest commit
